README.md, before:

# Artverse

Artverse is a platform designed for individuals to showcase their coding skills and projects. Whether you are a beginner, an intermediate developer, or an expert in coding, Artverse provides a space for you to display your talent and creativity. To contribute to the Artverse project, please follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the repository** by running the following command in your terminal: `git clone https://github.com/Meprazhant/Artverse.git`

2. **Navigate to the Artverse directory** by using the command: `cd Artverse`

3. **Install the project dependencies** using npm: `npm install`

4. **Create a new `.env` file** in the project root directory. In this file, you need to set up your Google OAuth credentials. To do this, follow these steps:
   - Create a project on the Google Cloud Console.
   - Obtain your public Google ID provided by the Cloud Console.
   - Add the public Google ID to the `.env` file using the following format: `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ID="your public id"`
   - Add the secret to the `.env` file using the following format: `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_SECRET="your secret"`
   - Save the `.env` file.

5. The Artverse project has hardcoded all Appwrite APIs, so no other dependencies are required. However, to get involved in the Artverse project, you need to **create an Appwrite account**. Please contact us to get access to the Artverse project.

If you have any questions or need further assistance, please feel free to contact us. We look forward to your contributions and feedback. Happy coding!

## License

The Artverse project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

added themes contribution README.md

README.md, after:

# Artverse

Artverse is a platform designed for individuals to showcase their coding skills and projects. Whether you are a beginner, an intermediate developer, or an expert in coding, Artverse provides a space for you to display your talent and creativity. To contribute to the Artverse project, please follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the repository** by running the following command in your terminal: `git clone https://github.com/Meprazhant/Artverse.git`

2. **Navigate to the Artverse directory** by using the command: `cd Artverse`

3. **Install the project dependencies** using npm: `npm install`

4. **Create a new `.env` file** in the project root directory. In this file, you need to set up your Google OAuth credentials. To do this, follow these steps:
   - Create a project on the Google Cloud Console.
   - Obtain your public Google ID provided by the Cloud Console.
   - Add the public Google ID to the `.env` file using the following format: `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ID="your public id"`
   - Add the secret to the `.env` file using the following format: `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_SECRET="your secret"`
   - Save the `.env` file.
   - we really need many themes so any developer good at creating good frontend code can write the css for themes and contribute  esaily the file can be found at compos/Themes so, cd to the above path and you start  contributing to this project

5. The Artverse project has hardcoded all Appwrite APIs, so no other dependencies are required. However, to get involved in the Artverse project, you need to **create an Appwrite account**. Please contact us to get access to the Artverse project.

If you have any questions or need further assistance, please feel free to contact us. We look forward to your contributions and feedback. Happy coding!

## License

The Artverse project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
